# #4 Developer Chat

## Location
* [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSrOyp9iAro)

## Time
* 15:00 UTC

## Agenda
* Plan to launch COSMOS
  * What's included:
    * Ethermint as the first zone
    * COSMOS hub that anyone can use to connect a zone to
    * COSMOS SDK that everyone can use to build their own COSMOS apps
  * Live launch after the final testnets have been running in production for a while
* Timeline for production ready testnets
  * Full featured testnets should be up in October
* Feature updates for Tendermint Core
  * 0.10.3
* HackAtom China
  * launching the 2nd COSMOS hackathon in China
  * http://www.hackathon.io/cosmos-hackathon1
  * will run for 1 month with the same prices
* Transition to RocketChat
  * cosmos.rocket.chat
* COSMOS Academy
  * focused on developer training
  * The platform with the greatest developer adoption wins. We will do everything to make learning and developing on top of COSMOS as pleasurable as possible.
* Upcoming events to meet the team
  * Devcon 3 in Mexico
  * Global Blockchain Summit in Shanghai (middle of September)
  * Conference in Berkley 
* Jepsen testing
* Any questions from the audience

## Chat

Robert David​Hey all﻿ :)

Pavan Kumar​Hi﻿ all

Asmodat​hi﻿

Blocks on Blocks​http://www.hackathon.io/cosmos-hackat...

Ethan Buchman​Welcome folks!﻿

polarstar0000​hey guys﻿

TheMakownage​Ethan stylish, as usual﻿

very crush​hi everybody﻿

Ethan Buchman​😉﻿

Dave Bryson​Nice feature﻿ - What's the ramifications of only creating blocks with transactions? Can it weaken the chain?

very crush​can't weaken the chain because it s﻿ still in the chain but it can maybe slow it

Robert David​should intentional forks﻿ even be prevented?

Robert David​or can﻿ they be totally prevented?

Robert David​agreed...﻿

TheMakownage​Does it mean Ethereum is﻿ much more susceptible to 33% attack ?

TheMakownage​(since﻿ block time is way shorter)

very crush​theorically only﻿

ANIL KUMAR ANAND​Dont know if its asked before.. any thoughts on plasma.io plasma sounds like all the performance﻿ gain we were expecting from cosmos can be achieved with plasma.. your thoughts?

Dave Bryson​Is their a specific branch for this refactor under basecoin - to browse﻿ the code?

TheMakownage​(unrelated to this chat, but the general channel in rocket chat seems to﻿ be buggy)

Blocks on Blocks​https://github.com/tendermint/basecoi...

Dave Bryson​Thanks!﻿

Kunal Jaiswal​yeah web based chat seems buggy﻿ with lots of latency.. Slack's native app was better

TheMakownage​general channel﻿ is blank

TheMakownage​for me﻿ at least

Kunal Jaiswal​any comments﻿ on plasma.io

Kunal Jaiswal​thanks﻿

Kunal Jaiswal​Have you compared Ripple's ILP to cross chain transfer that Cosmos﻿ offers?

Pavan Kumar​do you see omisego as competiti﻿ve for you

Dave Bryson​Great﻿ info! Thanks guys!

TheMakownage​Cool﻿ chat ! thanks
