# Second Community Developer Chat

## Location
- Google Hangout
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEpY7fVXQ4o
- Date: 2017-06-22
- Time: 20:00 UTC+02:00
- Views: 86

## Participants
- Adrian Brink
- Ethan Buchman
- Rigel

## Structure
- Who is in the chat and what are we each working on?
- 10 minutes intro by Bucky
  - explains our current status
  - gives an overview of what tendermint offers
  - explains why tendermint is awesome
- 10 minutes news updates
  - testnets are going live
    - basecoin
    - ethermint
  - Jepsen setup
  - basecoin update
  - ethermint update
  - delegation game
  - we will release a detailed roadmap until Q4
  - we encourage everyone to build apps on top of tendermint
  - community members that are interested in running a testnet validator, please let us know
  - check out the new docs
- 45 minutes open Q&A and as a back-up until questions start appearing prepared questions to talk about
  - Should no one have any questions, we can just start talking about these topics in no particular order until someone has a question.
  - organisational topics:
    - Who is in the team?
    - What have we done over the last couple of months?
    - Are we expanding and what kind of people are we looking for?
    - Opening offices in Toronto and Berlin
  - competitive topics:
    - What makes tendermint different from Ethereum/Bitcoin?
    - What will Atoms be useful for?
    - What are our plans for Q4 with Atoms?
    - Are we competing against Ethereum/Bitcoin or will we form synergies?
  - project topics:
    - What is COSMOS?
    - What components are part of COSMOS?
    - How were atoms generated and secured during the ICO?
  - theoretical topics:
    - What is consensus and how does PoS and PoW differ?
  - technical topics:
    - What is Ethermint?
    - What are pegzones?
    - What is Basecoin?
    - How will Basecoin plugins work?
    - What are zones on the COSMOS hub?
    - What zones will we initially support?
    - What kind of applications are currently being build on top of tendermint?
      - enledger.io
- 5 minutes announcements
  - I am looking for solidity and go-ethereum developers to help build the ethereum peg zone
  - I am looking for rust developers to help build the bitcoin bridge and peg zone
  - Our first hackathons are coming up this and next month
  - We are organising a COSMOS conference for the end of the year (November)
  - Rename basecoin!
- 5 minutes wrap-up
  - announce the next one on the 21/06/2017 at 18:00 (UTC+02:00)
  
## Improvements


## Notes
